Tony Stark: I feel like you're driving me to a court-martial. This is crazy. What did I do? I feel like you're going to pull over and snuff me. What, you're not allowed to talk? Hey, Forrest!
Tony Stark: Oh, I see. So it's personal?
Tony Stark: Good God, you're a woman. I honestly... I couldn't have called that. I mean, I'd apologize, but isn't that what we're going for here? I thought of you as a soldier first.
Tony Stark: Well you have, actually, excellent bone structure, there. I'm kind of having a hard time not looking at you now. Is that weird? [The Soldiers in the vehicle laugh and chuckle.] Come on, it's okay, laugh.
Tony Stark: Yes, please.
Tony Stark: That is an excellent question. Yes and no. March and I had a scheduling conflict, but fortunately, the Christmas cover was twins. Anything else? [The Soldier next to him, Jimmy, raises his hand.] You're kidding me with the hand up, right?
Tony Stark: Yes. It's very cool. [The soldier next to him pulls his camera out and hands it to the soldier in the front seat.] I don't want to see this on your MySpace page. [The Soldier puts up a peace sign for the photo.] Please, no gang signs. No, throw it up. I'm kidding. Yeah, peace. I love peace. I'd be out of a job with peace.
Tony Stark: What's going on?
Tony Stark: What have we got?
Tony Stark: Yeah.
Tony Stark: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Give me a gun!
Tony Stark: Whoa!
Tony Stark: Work it! Come on! We should just stay till the morning.
Tony Stark: Oh, no! Did they rope you into this?
Tony Stark: I'm so sorry.
Tony Stark: Of course I'd be deeply honored. And it's you, that's great. So, when do we do it?
Tony Stark: There it is. That was easy. I'm so sorry.
Tony Stark: Wow! Would you look at that? That's something else. I don't have any of those floating around. Uh, we're gonna let it ride! Give me a hand, will you? Give me a little something-something. [hot girl blows on dice] Okay, you, too. [Tony holds the dice out to Rhodes.]
Tony Stark: Come on, honey bear.
Tony Stark: There it is. Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes rolls! And...
Tony Stark: Worse things have happened. I think we're gonna be fine. Color me up, will ya?
Tony Stark: All right.
Tony Stark: Yeah, you can count on it.
Tony Stark: I know, I know. [Handing over his award to Caesar.] Render unto Caesar, that which is Caesar's. There you go.}
Tony Stark: She's all right? [Turns to face Christine.] Hi.
Tony Stark: Yeah. Okay--
Tony Stark: Go.
Tony Stark: Absolutely ridiculous. I don't paint.
Tony Stark: That's not bad. Let me guess. Berkeley?
Tony Stark: Well, Ms. Brown. It's an imperfect world, but it's the only one we've got. I guarantee you, the day weapons are no longer needed to keep the peace, I'll start making bricks and beams for baby hospitals.
Tony Stark: Every night in front of the mirror before bedtime.
Tony Stark: I'd like to show you first-hand.
Tony Stark: Okay, here's serious. My old man had a philosophy, "Peace means having a bigger stick than the other guy."
Tony Stark: My father helped defeat the Nazis. He worked on the Manhattan Project. A lot of people, including your professors at Brown, would call that being a hero.
Tony Stark: Tell me, do you plan to report on the millions we've saved by advancing medical technology or kept from starvation with our intelli-crops? All those breakthroughs, military funding, honey.
Tony Stark: I'd be prepared to lose a few with you.
Tony Stark: Give me an exploded view.
Tony Stark: Log that.
Tony Stark: Please don't turn down my music.
Tony Stark: How'd she take it?
Tony Stark: Why are you trying to hustle me out of here?
Tony Stark: That's funny, I thought with it being my plane and all, that it would just wait for me to get there.
Tony Stark: I mean, doesn't it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having your own plane if it departs before you arrive?
Tony Stark: Is it a good representation of his spring period?
Tony Stark: So?
Tony Stark: I need it. Buy it. Store it.
Tony Stark: Is in June. Please, don't harangue me about stuff that's way, way, down...
Tony Stark: Deflect it and absorb it. Don't transmit it back to me.
Tony Stark: What are you trying to get rid of me for? What, you got plans?
Tony Stark: I don't like it when you have plans.
Tony Stark: It's your birthday?
Tony Stark: I knew that. Already?
Tony Stark: Well, get yourself something nice from me.
Tony Stark: And?
Tony Stark: Yeah.
Tony Stark: You're welcome, Miss Potts... Okay.
Tony Stark: You're good. I thought I lost you back there.
Tony Stark: I got you. I got you.
Tony Stark: What?
Tony Stark: I got caught doing a piece for Vanity Fair.
Tony Stark: Waiting on you now. Let's go. Come on. Wheels up! Rock and roll!
Tony Stark: What you reading, platypus?
Tony Stark: Come on, sour patch.
Tony Stark: Don't be mad.
Tony Stark: I said I was sorry.
Tony Stark: I told you I was sorry.
Tony Stark: Hi. I told him I was sorry, but he...
Tony Stark: I respect you.
Tony Stark: Hey! Heat up the sake, will you? Thanks for reminding me.
Tony Stark: You can't have sashimi without sake.
Tony Stark: It would be irresponsible not to drink. I'm just talking about a nightcap.
Tony Stark: Yes, two, please.
Tony Stark: Hey, you know what? I'm not like you. I'm not cut out...
Tony Stark: Can you excuse me if I'm a bit distracted here?
Tony Stark: General.
Tony Stark: Thanks.
Tony Stark: Is it better to be feared or respected? I say, is it too much to ask for both? With that in mind, I humbly present the crown jewel of Stark Industries' Freedom Line. It's the first missile system to incorporate our proprietary repulsor technology. They say the best weapon is one you never have to fire. I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon you only have to fire once. That's how Dad did it. That's how America does it. And it's worked out pretty well so far. Find an excuse to let one of these off the chain, and I personally guarantee you the bad guys won't even want to come out of their caves. [The missiles get launched.] For your consideration, the Jericho. [The missiles explode]
Tony Stark: [Opening a cooler full of alcohol] I'll be throwing one of these in with every purchase of 500 million or more. To peace! [Tony's phone begins ringing.]
Tony Stark: Obie, what are you doing up?
Tony Stark: It went great. Looks like it's gonna be an early Christmas.
Tony Stark: Why aren't you wearing those pajamas I got you?
Tony Stark: I'm sorry, this is the "fun-vee." The "hum-drum-vee" is back there.
Tony Stark: See you back at base.
Tony Stark: What the hell did you do to me?
Tony Stark: What is this?
Tony Stark: I don't remember.
Tony Stark: Where are we?
Tony Stark: Those are my guns. How did they get my guns?
Tony Stark: I refuse. [Tony then is shown with his head in a large thing of water. Flashes of himself and the electromagnet in his chest are shown.]
Tony Stark: I think you got a lot of my weapons.
Tony Stark: No, he won't. [Shaking the Arabic man's hand with a sarcastic smile.]
Tony Stark: Why should I do anything? They're going to kill me, you, either way. And if they don't, I'll probably be dead in a week.
Tony Stark: [Directing the men to where to put things while Yinsen's translating] If this is going to be my work station, I want it well-lit. I want these up. I need welding gear. I don't care if it's acetylene or propane. I need a soldering station. I need helmets. I'm gonna need goggles. I would like a smelting cup. I need two sets of precision tools. [Yinsen and Tony start taking apart the weapons.] How many languages do you speak?
Tony Stark: Who are these people?
Tony Stark: Uh-huh. [Tony pulls apart a missile.] Okay, we don't need this.
Tony Stark: That's palladium, 0.15 grams. We need at least 1.6, so why don't you go break down the other 11?
Tony Stark: Careful. Careful, we only get one shot at this.
Tony Stark: What do I call you?
Tony Stark: Yinsen. Nice to meet you.
Tony Stark: That's because it's a miniaturized arc reactor. I got a big one powering my factory at home. It should keep the shrapnel out of my heart.
Tony Stark: If my math is right, and it always is, three gigajoules per second.
Tony Stark: Yeah. Or something big for 15 minutes.
Tony Stark: [Looking at sheets of paper with Tony] This is our ticket out of here.
Tony Stark: Flatten them out and look. [Yinsen flattens the sheets out to see a drawing of a metal suit.]
Tony Stark: You still haven't told me where you're from.
Tony Stark: Got a family?
Tony Stark: No.
Tony Stark: What does he want?
Tony Stark: What do you want? A delivery date? [Tony tries to go towards Raza and Yinsen but the other men pull their guns on him.] I need him. Good assistant.
Tony Stark: 41 steps straight ahead. Then 16 steps, that's from the door, fork right, 33 steps, turn right.
Tony Stark: Say something. Say something back to him.
Tony Stark: Then speak Hungarian.
Tony Stark: What do you know?
Tony Stark: How'd that work?
Tony Stark: That's what I do.
Tony Stark: Initialize the power sequence.
Tony Stark: Now!
Tony Stark: Function 11. Tell me when you see a progress bar. It should be up right now.
Tony Stark: Talk to me. Tell me when you see it.
Tony Stark: Press Control "l".
Tony Stark: "I." "Enter."
Tony Stark: "l" and "Enter." Come over here and button me up.
Tony Stark: Every other hex bolt.
Tony Stark: Nothing pretty, just get it done. Just get it done.
Tony Stark: Make sure the checkpoints are clear before you follow me out, okay?
Tony Stark: Stick to the plan! Stick to the plan! [Yinsen runs out of the cave with a gun from one of the dead men.] Yinsen! Yinsen!
Tony Stark: Yinsen!
Tony Stark: Come on. [Tony opens is helmet.] We got to go. Move for me, come on. We got a plan. We're gonna stick to it.
Tony Stark: Come on, you're gonna go see your family. Get up.
Tony Stark: Thank you for saving me.
Tony Stark: My turn. [Tony shoots fire at the men and their camp from his suit. The men continue to shoot at Tony, beginning to cause damage to the suit. Tony flips a suit and shoots up in the air. He screams as he falls into the sand on the other side of the mountains. The suit breaks when he lands.] Not bad.
Tony Stark: Hey! [Waving down the helicopters.] Hey!
Tony Stark: Are you kidding me with this? Get rid of them. [Tony walks up to Pepper.] Your eyes are red. A few tears for your long-lost boss?
Tony Stark: Yeah, vacation's over.
Tony Stark: No.
Tony Stark: No is a complete answer.
Tony Stark: I don't have to do anything. I've been in captivity for three months. There are two things I want to do. I want an American cheeseburger, and the other...
Tony Stark: ...is not what you think. I want you to call for a press conference now.
Tony Stark: Yeah.
Tony Stark: Hogan, drive. Cheeseburger first.
Tony Stark: No, I'm fine.
Tony Stark: Well, come on.
Tony Stark: There's only one left. I need it.
Tony Stark: Hey, would it be all right if everyone sat down? [Sitting in front of the podium.] Why don't you just sit down? That way you can see me, and I can... A little less formal and... [Tony takes a bite of his cheeseburger as everyone sits, or squats, down]
Tony Stark: Good to see you.
Tony Stark: I never got to say goodbye to Dad. I never got to say goodbye to my father. There's questions that I would have asked him. I would have asked him how he felt about what this company did. If he was conflicted, if he ever had doubts. Or maybe he was every inch the man we all remember from the newsreels. I saw young Americans killed by the very weapons I created to defend them and protect them. And I saw that I had become part of a system that is comfortable with zero accountability.
Tony Stark: Hey, Ben.
Tony Stark: I had my eyes opened. [Tony stands and moves behind the podium.] I came to realize that I have more to offer this world than just making things that blow up. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark International [Everyone stands up in commotion.] until such a time as I can decide what the future of the company will be.
Tony Stark: What direction it should take, one that I'm comfortable with and is consistent with the highest good for this country, as well. [Tony leaves the stage.]
Tony Stark: Did I just paint a target on the back of my head?
Tony Stark: Uh, optimistically, 40 points.
Tony Stark: Yep.
Tony Stark: Obie, I just don't want a body count to be our only legacy.
Tony Stark: It's my name on the side of the building.
Tony Stark: Not based on what I saw. We're not doing a good enough job. We can do better. We're gonna do something else.
Tony Stark: I think we should take another look into arc reactor technology.
Tony Stark: It works.
Tony Stark: Maybe.
Tony Stark: That's what they say. Could you have a lousier poker face? Just tell me, who told you?
Tony Stark: It's Rhodey or Pepper.
Tony Stark: Okay, Rhodey. [Tony opens his shirt to show Obadiah the reactor in his chest.]
Tony Stark: Okay? It works.
Tony Stark: I'm sorry I didn't give you a heads-up, okay? But if I had...
Tony Stark: That was Dad's line.
Tony Stark: [Over the intercoms] Pepper. How big are your hands?
Tony Stark: How big are your hands?
Tony Stark: Get down here. I need you. [Pepper enters Tony's workshop to find Tony lying shirtless on a chair.] Hey. Let's see them. Show me your hands. Let's see them. [Pepper holds up her hands as she comes closer.] Oh, wow. They are small. Very petite, indeed. I just uh.. need your help for a sec.
Tony Stark: It was. It is now an antique. This is what will be keeping me alive for the foreseeable future. I'm swapping it up for an upgraded unit, and I just ran into a little speed bump.
Tony Stark: It's nothing. It's just a little snag. There's an exposed wire under this device. And it's contacting the socket wall and causing a little bit of a short. It's fine. [Tony pulls out the old device, handing it to Pepper.]
Tony Stark: Put that on the table over there. That is irrelevant.
Tony Stark: I want you to reach in, and you're just gonna gently lift the wire out.
Tony Stark: Yeah, it should be fine. It's like Operation. You just don't let it touch the socket wall or it goes "beep."
Tony Stark: It's just a game, never mind. Just gently lift the wire.
Tony Stark: Okay? Great.
Tony Stark: No, you're fine. You're the most capable, qualified, trustworthy person I've ever met. You're gonna do great. Is it too much of a problem to ask? 'Cause I'm...
Tony Stark: I really need your help here.
Tony Stark: It's not pus. It's an inorganic plasmic discharge from the device, not from my body.
Tony Stark: Yeah, it does. The copper wire. The copper wire, you got it?
Tony Stark: Okay, you got it? Now, don't let it touch [Pepper lets it touch the side.] the sides when you're coming out!
Tony Stark: That's what I was trying to tell you before. Okay, now make sure that when you pull it out, that you don't... [Pepper pulls out the wire with the magnet attached and the medical equipment starts beeping.] There's a magnet at the end of it! That was it. You just pulled it out.
Tony Stark: Okay, I was not expecting...
Tony Stark: Don't put it back in! Don't put it back in!
Tony Stark: Nothing, I'm just going into cardiac arrest--
Tony Stark: 'cause you yanked it out like a trout... We gotta hurry. Take this. Take this. You gotta switch it out really quick.
Tony Stark: What?
Tony Stark: Is it?
Tony Stark: Let's hope. Okay, you're gonna attach that to the base plate. Make s-sure you... [Screams went it attaches.] Was that so hard? That was fun, right? Here, I got it. I got it. Here. Nice.
Tony Stark: Yeah, I feel great. You okay?
Tony Stark: I don't have anyone but you. Anyway... [Tony rips on the wires off and stands up.]
Tony Stark: That? Destroy it. Incinerate it.
Tony Stark: Pepper, I've been called many things. "Nostalgic" is not one of them.
Tony Stark: That will be all, Miss Potts. [Turns to talk to his robot while he eyes Pepper as she walks away.] Hey, Butterfingers, come here. What's all this stuff doing on top of my desk? That's my phone, that's a picture of me and my dad. Right there. In the garbage. All that stuff.
Tony Stark: Colonel? Why not a pilot without the plane?
Tony Stark: Speaking of manned or unmanned, you gotta get him to tell you about the time he guessed wrong at spring break. Just remember that, spring break, 1987. That lovely lady you woke up with.
Tony Stark: What was his name?
Tony Stark: Was it Ivan?
Tony Stark: Okay.
Tony Stark: Okay.
Tony Stark: Pleasure meeting you.
Tony Stark: Why?
Tony Stark: I'm doing a little better than walking.
Tony Stark: Yeah. Rhodey, I'm working on something big. I came to talk to you. I want you to be a part of it.
Tony Stark: This is not for the military. I'm not... It's different.
Tony Stark: I need you to listen to me.
Tony Stark: Okay.
Tony Stark: Thanks.
Tony Stark: JARVIS, you up?
Tony Stark: I'd like to open a new project file, index as Mark Two.
Tony Stark: Actually, I don't know who to trust right now. Till further notice, why don't we just keep everything on my private server?
Tony Stark: I don't want this winding up in the wrong hands. Maybe in mine, it can actually do some good.
Tony Stark: Next. Up. Not in the boot, Dummy. Right here. You got me? Stay put. Nice. You're of no benefit at all. Move down to the toe. I got this. Okay, I'm sorry, am I in your way? Up. Screw it. Don't even move. You are a tragedy.
Tony Stark: Okay, let's do this right. Start mark, half a meter, and back and center. Dummy, look alive. You're on standby for fire safety. You, roll it. Okay. Activate hand controls. We're gonna start off nice and easy. We're gonna see if 10% thrust capacity achieves lift. And three, two, one.
Tony Stark: Up two. All right, set that.
Tony Stark: Yeah, everything's... What? [Still distracted with the flight stabilizer.]
Tony Stark: Great!
Tony Stark: Great. I'll be right up.
Tony Stark: It is. This is a flight stabilizer. It's completely harmless. [The stabilizer shoots, flinging Tony backwards and scaring Pepper.] I didn't expect that. [Tony then comes up stairs to find Obadiah playing the piano and Pepper working on the couch.] How'd it go? It went that bad, huh?
Tony Stark: Sure doesn't. Oh, boy.
Tony Stark: Uh-huh. You told me to lay low. That's what I've been doing. I lay low, and you take care of all...
Tony Stark: This was a board of directors meeting?
Tony Stark: A what?
Tony Stark: Why, 'cause the stocks dipped 40 points? We knew that was gonna happen.
Tony Stark: It doesn't matter. We own the controlling interest in the company.
Tony Stark: I'm being responsible! That's a new direction for me, for the company. I mean, me on the company's behalf being responsible for the way that... This is great. [Tony stands up, taking the pizza box with him. Obadiah follows.]
Tony Stark: I'll be in the shop.
Tony Stark: No. No, absolutely not.
Tony Stark: This one stays with me. That's it, Obie. Forget it.
Tony Stark: Thank you.
Tony Stark: Good night, Obie. [Tony heads back down to his workshop]
Tony Stark: [running another flight test, this time wearing the boots and hand flight stabilizers] Day 11, test 37, configuration 2.0. For lack of a better option, Dummy is still on fire safety. If you douse me again, and I'm not on fire, I'm donating you to a city college. All right, nice and easy. Seriously, just gonna start off with 1% thrust capacity. And three, two, one. [Lifts off the ground and hovers for a bit before landing.] Okay. Please don't follow me around with it, either, 'cause I feel like I'm gonna catch on fire spontaneously. Just stand down! If something happens, then come in. And again, let's bring it up to 2.5. Three, two, one. [Lifts off the ground with less control and starts hovering all over the workshop.] Okay, this is where I don't want to be! Not the car, not the car! Table! Could be worse! Could be worse! We're fine! Okay. [Lands where he started. Dummy goes to use the fire extinguisher.] No! Uh-uh! Uh-uh! Yeah, I can fly.
Tony Stark: JARVIS, are you there?
Tony Stark: Engage heads-up display.
Tony Stark: Import all preferences from home interface.
Tony Stark: All right, what do you say?
Tony Stark: Can we start the virtual walk-around?
Tony Stark: Do a check on control surfaces
Tony Stark: Uh, yeah. Tell you what. Do a weather and ATC check. Start listening in on ground control.
Tony Stark: JARVIS! Sometimes you got to run before you can walk. Ready? In three, two, one. [Begins hovering and flies out of the garage into the sky.] Handles like a dream. All right, let's see what this thing can do. What's SR-71's record?
Tony Stark: Records are made to be broken! Come on! [Begins flying straight up.]
Tony Stark: Keep going! Higher! [Ice builds up around the suit, causing it to stop working and him to start flying from the sky.] We iced up, JARVIS! Deploy flaps! JARVIS! Come on, we got to break the ice!
Tony Stark: Kill power.
Tony Stark: Notes. Main transducer feels sluggish at plus 40 altitude. Hull pressurization is problematic. I'm thinking icing is the probable factor.
Tony Stark: Connect to the sys. co. Have it reconfigure the shell metals. Use the gold titanium alloy from the seraphim tactical satellite. That should ensure a fuselage integrity while maintaining power-to-weight ratio. Got it?
Tony Stark: Thrill me.
Tony Stark: JARVIS, we get an invite for that?
Tony Stark: A little ostentatious, don't you think?
Tony Stark: Tell you what. Throw a little hot-rod red in there.
Tony Stark: Hey, I like it. Fabricate it. Paint it.
Tony Stark: Don't wait up for me, honey.
Tony Stark: Sure don't. You look great, Hef.
Tony Stark: What's the world coming to when a guy's got to crash his own party?
Tony Stark: I'll see you inside.
Tony Stark: You got it. Just cabin fever. I'll just be a minute. Give me a Scotch. I'm starving.
Tony Stark: Yeah?
Tony Stark: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. The guy from the..
Tony Stark: God, you need a new name for that.
Tony Stark: Let's just put something on the books.
Tony Stark: Tell you what. You got it. You're absolutely right. Well, I'm going to go to my assistant, and we'll make a date. You look fantastic! I didn't recognize you.
Tony Stark: Just avoiding government agents.
Tony Stark: Yes. Where'd you get that dress?
Tony Stark: That's great.
Tony Stark: Well, I got great taste.
Tony Stark: You want to dance?
Tony Stark: All right, come on.
Tony Stark: Am I making you uncomfortable?
Tony Stark: You look great and you smell great.
Tony Stark: But I could fire you if that would take the edge off.
Tony Stark: I'd make it a week. Sure.
Tony Stark: Five.
Tony Stark: Right.
Tony Stark: The other eight? So, I got you for the other eight. How about a little air?
Tony Stark: Totally harmless.
Tony Stark: We're dancing. No one's even watching.
Tony Stark: I think you lost objectivity. I think they just... People... We just danced.
Tony Stark: I don't think it was taken that way.
Tony Stark: I just think you're overstating it.
Tony Stark: Got it, okay.
Tony Stark: Okay.
Tony Stark: Two vodka martinis, extra dry, extra olives, extra fast. Make one of them dirty, will you?
Tony Stark: Oh, hey.
Tony Stark: Carrie.
Tony Stark: That's right.
Tony Stark: Panic. I would say panic is my reaction.
Tony Stark: Yeah. They just put my name on the invitation. I don't know what to tell you.
Tony Stark: I was out of town for a couple months, in case you didn't hear.
Tony Stark: When were these taken?
Tony Stark: I didn't approve any shipment.
Tony Stark: Well, I'm not my company.
Tony Stark: Have you seen these pictures? What's going on in Gulmira?
Tony Stark: You know what? I was naive before, when they said, "Here's the line. We don't cross it. This is how we do business." If we're double-dealing under the table... Are we?
Tony Stark: He's all yours.
Tony Stark: Hello?
Tony Stark: Who's this?
Tony Stark: Sorry, hello?
Tony Stark: Speak up, please.
Tony Stark: Oh, yeah, I'm driving with the top down.
Tony Stark: It's funny how that works, huh?
Tony Stark: Well, that's a hot spot. Sounds like someone stepped in and did your job for you, huh?
Tony Stark: I'm not, I was just jogging in the canyon.
Tony Stark: Right, I was driving to the canyon, where I'm going to jog.
Tony Stark: Nope!
Tony Stark: That's my exit.
Tony Stark: Hit it.
Tony Stark: Flares!
Tony Stark: Deploy flaps!
Tony Stark: Hi, Rhodey, it's me.
Tony Stark: I'm sorry, it is me. You asked. What you were asking about is me.
Tony Stark: This is not a piece of equipment. I'm in it. It's a suit. It's me!
Tony Stark: Hey, thanks.
Tony Stark: Yeah, well, technically, he hit me. Now are you going to come by and see what I'm working on?
Tony Stark: Training exercise. Isn't that the usual BS?
Tony Stark: Hey!
Tony Stark: Be gentle. This is my first time. I designed this to come off, so... Hey. I really should be able to...
Tony Stark: Let's face it. This is not the worst thing you've caught me doing.
Tony Stark: Hey. You busy? You mind if I send you on an errand? I need you to go to my office. You're going to hack into the mainframe and you're going to retrieve all the recent shipping manifests. This is a lock chip. This'll get you in. It's probably under Executive Files. If not, they put it on a ghost drive, in which case you need to look for the lowest numeric heading.
Tony Stark: Same drill. They've been dealing under the table, and I'm going to stop them. I'm going to find my weapons and destroy them.
Tony Stark: There is nothing except this. There's no art opening. There is no benefit. There is nothing to sign. There is the next mission and nothing else.
Tony Stark: You stood by my side all these years while I reaped the benefits of destruction. And now that I'm trying to protect the people that I put in harm's way, you're going to walk out?
Tony Stark: I shouldn't be alive, unless it was for a reason. I'm not crazy, Pepper. I just finally know what I have to do. And I know in my heart that it's right.
Tony Stark: [Dummy hands Stark Pepper's gift] Good boy.
Tony Stark: Where's Pepper?
Tony Stark: That's not going to be enough.
Tony Stark: Not bad, huh? Let's do it.
Tony Stark: Keep the skies clear.
Tony Stark: How do you think the Mark One chest piece is going to hold up?
Tony Stark: Keep me posted. Pepper!
Tony Stark: I'm fine. How are...
Tony Stark: I know. Listen, you'd better get out of there.
Tony Stark: Get out of there right now!
Tony Stark: Stane!
Tony Stark: Put them down!
Tony Stark: Divert power to chest RT.
Tony Stark: Lady! No, no, no, no, no, no!
Tony Stark: Duly noted. Take me to maximum altitude.
Tony Stark: I know the math! Do it!
Tony Stark: Climb!
Tony Stark: Keep going!
Tony Stark: Just leave it on the screen! Stop telling me!
Tony Stark: How'd you solve the icing problem?
Tony Stark: Might want to look into it.
Tony Stark: Woah! Potts!
Tony Stark: I'm almost out of power. I've got to get out of this thing. I'll be right there.
Tony Stark: Weapons status?
Tony Stark: Flares!
Tony Stark: Potts?
Tony Stark: This isn't working. We're going to have to overload the reactor and blast the roof.
Tony Stark: You're going to do it. Go to the central console, open up all the circuits. When I get clear of the roof, I'll let you know. You're going to hit the master bypass button. It's going to fry everything up here.
Tony Stark: Make sure you wait till I clear the roof. I'll buy you some time. This looks important! [Pulls out a wire from Obadiah Stane's suit.]
Tony Stark: Pepper!
Tony Stark: Time to hit the button!
Tony Stark: Just do it!
Tony Stark: Push it!
Tony Stark: "Iron Man." That's kind of catchy. It's got a nice ring to it. I mean, it's not technically accurate. The suit's a gold-titanium alloy, but it's kind of evocative, the imagery, anyway.
Tony Stark: Okay?
Tony Stark: Yeah.
Tony Stark: See, I was thinking maybe we should say it was just Pepper and me alone on the island.
Tony Stark: All right.
Tony Stark: There's nothing about Stane here.
Tony Stark: But what about the whole cover story that it's a bodyguard? He's my... I mean, is that... That's kind of flimsy, don't you think?
Tony Stark: You know, it's actually not that bad. Even I don't think I'm Iron Man.
Tony Stark: Am so.
Tony Stark: All right, suit yourself. You know, if I were Iron Man, I'd have this girlfriend who knew my true identity. She'd be a wreck, 'cause she'd always be worrying that I was going to die, yet so proud of the man I'd become. She'd be wildly conflicted, which would only make her more crazy about me. Tell me you never think about that night.
Tony Stark: You know.
Tony Stark: Yes, that will be all, Miss Potts.
Tony Stark: Thank you. Been a while since I was in front of you. I figure I'll stick to the cards this time. There's been speculation that I was involved in the events that occurred on the freeway and the rooftop...
Tony Stark: I know that it's confusing. It is one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I'm a superhero.
Tony Stark: Didn't? Well, good, because that would be outlandish and fantastic. I'm just not the hero type. Clearly. With this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I've made, largely public.
Tony Stark: Yeah, okay. Yeah. The truth is... I am Iron Man.
Tony Stark: Jarvis!
Tony Stark: Who the hell are you?
Tony Stark: [nonchalantly] Ah.
